Applying the wrong Nvidia profile
inspector settings could completely
break your performance in the new
Fortnite season. So therefore, I'm going
to give you the new updated profile with
everything you need to apply and also
tell you exactly what everything does.
Additionally to that, I'm of course also
going to show you the best competitive
in-game settings as well as other tricks
to help you to improve your performance
even more in Fortnite. Also, underneath
this video, I'm actually giving away
free battle passes, guys, which I'm
again going to announce on my
discord.gg/stripes
in the giveaways channel. What you
basically have to do is comment down
below giveaway and I'm actually going to
pick a random winner with video proof
and upload the clip onto my discord so
that you guys can see what actually won.
But besides having good FPS in Fortnite,
you know what's just as important?
Having really low ping. And this is
where Ge booster comes in clutch. Ge
booster is your number one gaming
service when it comes down to reducing
your ping. With the top link in my video
description, you can, by the way, try it
out for absolutely free, guys. And even
pros like Zen are using it. It's going
to help you to find the best DNS servers
in your near to make sure to get the
least amount of latency in all your
favorite games. No matter [music] if
you're playing Fortnite, CS2, Valerin,
or the wide variety of games which GU
actually supports. Not only does it help
you to reduce your ping, but also give
you better stability in games. So, if
you sometimes have random lag spikes or
you have connection issues, Gab is going
to help you to counter that. So,
therefore, try out Gab Booster for
absolutely free as mentioned with the
top link in my video description. And
now, guys, I'm about to show you the
best in-game settings for any PC. All
you guys got to do is basically open up
your video settings. And first of all,
under window mode, you always want to
utilize full screen. If you use windowed
full screen, you're actually going to
get additional input delay. Resolutions,
of course, on just simply whatever you
guys want to choose. I even have a
dedicated guide where I show you how to
get a stretch resolution on any PC out
there, AMD, Nvidia, Intel, it doesn't
matter. So therefore, you can totally
try out something like 1750* 1080 or
1720, which was Peterbot's resolution.
These things should be completely turned
off unless you're playing on a 60 Hz
monitor and you actually notice visual
glitches on your monitor. you know if
you produce way too many FPS let's say
like 200 and your monitor is only
limited to 60 Hz there might be some
issues tearing and all of that frame
rate limit completely on unlimited
actually guys then the rendering mode we
have right now here the normal legacy
performance mode which is still the one
which I'm using which is kind of
interesting because I am using in fact a
5060 on this PC with a i9 so therefore
usually the new performance mode is
actually more optimized for newerend
graphics cards but for whatever reason
I'm still getting better performance on
the legacy ones so therefore you kind of
have to try it out for yourself
definitely you ized performance mode,
but you can try out performance mode
normal or the legacy one. As mentioned,
for me, legacy still works way better
for whatever reason, so therefore try it
out for yourself. Brightness actually
guys on 100% user interface contrast on
1x. Then for the color blind mode, I'm
right now using Triton set to seven. You
can even go up all the way to 10 if you
want to have a little bit brighter
picture, but seven looks the best is the
sweet spot. User interface parallax just
simply on on. It doesn't really matter
because it's only for menus. And now
with the 3D resolution, there's a thing.
Now guys, if you're already playing on a
more higherend PC, this is not going to
make a huge difference at all. Just let
me demonstrate this. I'm going to look
at this point here now and we're getting
what, like 750 FPS while not even
looking into the sky, guys. This is
actually kind of insane. And now if I
change my 3D rest to something like
let's say 75, which I would recommend
you highly on a low-end PC, you're going
to notice the FPS are not going to
increase actually by too much. Yeah,
we're getting what, like 70
almost 800ish FPS. It's maybe a little
bit better. That's like what 5% maybe
something like that. Maybe even a little
bit less. So therefore, yeah, on a more
high-end PC, it doesn't make a huge
difference. But for low-end PCs, this is
where the magic happens, guys. Like this
is actually where it can squeeze out so
much more performance. But the thing is
once we go down to something like 50,
this is now where the antilizing is
really struggling. You can see it
especially around my character, you
know, that like the edges are not as
sharp anymore. This is what the 3D
resolution definitely does. It removes
the antilizing feature or just simply
corners look a lot worse. So therefore,
for low-end PCs, definitely play around
with this. If you're on a more
competitive setup, I would not recommend
you to actually go underneath 90 because
this is still like the sweet spot. You
know, you still have pretty good
visuals, especially if you zoom in here.
Now, on our character, we can see that.
Now, viewing distance for competitive at
least something like medium, guys. This
is like 400 mish. If you put it on near,
it's only like 250, 280 bottoming out
there. So, therefore, definitely keep it
on medium. Textures on low, meshes on
low. Don't really care about it. Don't
really care about the texture quality.
We just want better FPS. It doesn't make
a huge difference for textures, guys,
but I I guess, you know, it's still
getting a little bit better there. uh
show FPS on latency markers of Nvidia
reflex low latency. This is now
something which many people actually
don't understand guys because let's just
say that we turn this off now I'm
actually now getting a lot more delay on
my screen because usually what Fortnite
does with maximum pre-rendered frames is
that if I'm seeing right now a frame on
my screen this frame is actually already
old because usually on normal or if you
turn this off the engine pre-renders
around 3 to four frames which means we
have a lot of latency if you think about
it you know like 3 4 fps is actually
quite a lot and if you now actually turn
this on it's going to try to reduce this
all the way down to only one frame being
pre-rendered. But the thing now is
there's still a small buffer amount. And
this is why you should actually utilize
on plus boost. But as mentioned, on is
completely fine. It's going to reduce it
to as close as possible to one. It kind
of does like what the low latency mode
usually does in the Nvidia control panel
or Nvidia profile inspector. As
mentioned, trying to lower your amount
of frames being rendered to only one,
which on paper sounds amazing, right?
Like only one frame. And if you put this
now on plus boost, your GPU is going to
clock at a lot higher speed, which means
the latency or the interval between
frames is going to get even more
reduced. The thing is it can introduce
thermal throttling because as soon as
your GPU is always running at a higher
clock, my 5060 has pretty decent cooling
as well as my PC case. So I can totally
do that. But if you don't have good
cooling, this could introduce as
mentioned thermal throttling because
your GPU is overheating. So therefore,
you have to try this out for yourself.
And the cool part about this is usually
when you did this in the Nvidia control
panel, it was not in engine rendering.
This was actually done over drivers and
now because the Nvidia reflex low
latency is rendering this over the
engine, it's not as hardware demanding
anymore. Then report performance sets on
disabled. Then we're going to go over to
audio here. Of course, want to put your
sound quality to low, guys. And
visualize sound effect should actually
be on if your PC can handle that, guys.
Yeah, this is going to be again a little
bit more hardware demanding. So
therefore, you have to try it out for
yourself. Then we're going to go over to
HOD. And then you're going to make sure
to put your HD scale to 75 because 75
just looks a lot cleaner. You don't have
this visual mess on screen like if you
keep it on something like high, you
know, like 125. That looks so goofy
actually. Even if we put it to something
like 100, still looks a little bit weird
in my opinion. So therefore, I actually
utilize 75. That is the sweet spot. If
you are an OG from chapter 2, you also
know like no Riley and people like them.
They always used something very small
like this here, which just looks a
little bit cleaner in my opinion. This
actually how I got into it as well. And
then for the rest, we're basically done.
These are the best competitive settings
because of course, guys, something like
key binds and you know, like mouse
sensitivity and all of that, that is all
personal preference. And if you apply
this one by one, you're definitely going
to get a lot better performance in any
game mode. And since also a lot of
people asked about the best in-game
double movement settings, guys, I'm also
going to cover them right now real
quick. All you got to do is go into your
Fortnite settings. Then you got to go
over to your mouse section, actually,
and then find keyboard movement. And in
here, now we have use custom diagonals.
And for me personally, and what most
pros are using is forward diagonal angle
set to 70, strafe angle set to 90, and
backwards diagonal angle to 135. This
gives you, in my opinion, the best
double movement settings because it's
not too harsh, but you can still see
completely to the side now, which is
going to make it amazing for competitive
and all of that, and you can still
completely move around without having to
worry about your double movement getting
into your way. Because if you actually
put your angle to something too high,
it's going to stop your character from
moving. And number to show you guys the
best Nvidia profile inspector settings
with everything you should apply, as
well as other small details, which many
people actually don't properly explain.
something like the ultra low latency
mode as well as maximum pre-rendered
frames and added stuff. So therefore,
let me actually cover this real quick.
What we're actually going to need in the
first place, guys, is the Nvidia profile
inspector, which you can get from the
link in the video description, where you
can then find the latest version, which
is then 2429. Just simply click onto it
and then scroll down until you can find
the Nvidia profile inspector.zip file.
And once we got it, it should look
exactly like this here. Next up, you're
going to need the profile, which I'm
going to upload into my disc.gg/less
into the performance packs channel,
guys. It's going to be in here, which
I'm going to upload after uploading this
YouTube video. By the way, if you're
ever trying to get any sort of zip file,
anything from Discord, it's always going
to tell you potentially dangerous, which
you guys of course don't have to worry
about. I mean, you can check it for
yourself, but obviously there's nothing
in there. And once you get the profile
and the actual Nvidia profile inspector,
just simply launch the tool. And once
we're in here, we actually want to go
from global profile to Fortnite because
we just want to change the settings on
Fortnite itself. You can then see
everything is loaded up. The Fortnite
launcher as well exit everything is
showing here in green. And all you got
to do is click on import userdefined
profiles and click under import profile
and then select the twin 255 list
stripes profile. Then just simply open
it up and then you can see profile
successfully imported. Now we have all
the best settings in here which I'm
going to quickly explain guys in the
first place. Of course anything related
to G-Sync you should turn off unless
you're actually running a G-Sync
monitor. For most people that's probably
not going to be the case. So therefore,
yeah, completely off. The same as well
with frame rate limiter completely off.
And now the kind of funny part is you
know how we have maximum pre-rendered
frames and the ultra low latency mode.
Well, both of these here do
theoretically the same thing. They
reduce the amount of pre-rendered frames
to one or as close to as one as
possible. And if you put, let's say, the
ultra latency mode now on ultra, it's
even going to clock your GPU at a higher
speed, basically forcing your PC to work
as hard as possible to reduce the amount
of frames. But both of them actually
kind of became irrelevant because what
Fortnite now actually does with the
Nvidia reflex low latency mode is
basically do this process through the
in-game engine because these two modes
here were through the Nvidia driver. So
therefore, if you already put your,
let's say, your Nvidia reflex or latency
mode on on in the in-game engine, it's
going to overrate all three of these
settings. So therefore, that literally
doesn't matter. You can just simply keep
it on whatever you guys want to. For me
personally, I just keep it on on, I
guess, you know, for visuals, I guess.
And now antialyzing is where it's kind
of getting a little bit more interesting
because antialyzing is kind of important
usually for competitive games. It kind
of like blurs edges around corners,
making them appear a lot sharper in the
distance. Uh the problem though is FXA
is super old. So therefore, nobody
really uses this. The only thing which
is somewhat helpful is maybe MFAA or
MSAA, but I left both of these here on
application control because in Fortnite
directly, I disable any sort of
antilizing. Like for Fortnite,
especially for competitive, you're
trying to get high FPS, the game still
looks completely fine even with all of
the antilizing turned off. So therefore,
you don't need anything here, not even
sharpening, all of that. The only thing
which is somewhat important is
antistrophic filter optimization and
sample optimization because they both
help your GPU to load textures a lot
faster which may look a little bit worse
but again we don't care about it. We
just want better performance. LOD bias
is basically only for potato graphics
irrelevant. So therefore if you want to
try out potato graphics I have a whole
video on my channel as well. You can
just simply find it on my channel page
right now. Quality on high performance
self-explanatory. And then texture
filtering trillion optimization is going
to be on on and then we're already good
to go. Those are all the only settings
which you really have to care about
because something like rebar or all of
these fancy features don't really
matter. Fortnite is not super VRM
hungry. So therefore for competitive
this is all you need. Apply settings,
click on this and then you're good to
go. You just simply apply this as a one
time option. And now your Fortnite is
going to run great. Additionally now I'm
going to show you how to make your
Fortnite a lot more colorful. And all
you're going to need for this is the
Nvidia control panel. Just simply open
this one up real quick on your PC. By
the way, your 3D settings are getting
overwritten anyways by the Nvidia
profile inspector profile. So therefore,
you don't have to worry about this. All
you have to do is go into display,
adjust desktop color settings, select
your main monitor, and now what I can
actually recommend, guys, is put your
digital vibrance to anything like 75%.
This is going to look really good with
adjust video color settings on the
bottom here. You can even go here now
with the Nvidia settings and also change
your saturation to something like let's
say 70, which is also going to look
really good. This is going to make your
Fortnite a lot more colorful. And trust
me guys, it's so much more fun to play
with that actually because through these
colors, it's also easier to spot enemies
because everything is a lot more vibrant
and colorful, especially Fortnite skins
in the distance. So all you got to do is
click on apply and then you're already
good to go. There's a onetime option as
well.